returning to survey the damage after
days of Israeli raids and tank fire the
zetu neighborhood south of Gaza City is
almost unrecognizable with entire blocks
of Apartments reduced to
Rubble my daughter was staying at her
in-laws she was young only 20 years old
they were besieged by Israel tanks for a
month 20 innocent people were killed the
six-story building was destroyed on
their heads entire families have been
killed they're all buried under the
ruins my daughter was killed along with
her daughter they were all women and
children five whole families were killed
by the Israelis In Cold
Blood for the more than 2 million people
who have been displaced in Gaza many
will be returning to a similar scene as
70% of homes are believed to have been
destroyed
once we had homes we gathered we ate we
talked with our friends now there's
nothing but Devastation it's Israel's
savagery barbarism look around there's
no sign of
life not only homes have been destroyed
but infrastructure too across Gaza
schools and universities hospitals the
courthouse government buildings
including the central archive cemeteries
and over 200 archaeological sites have
been wiped
out experts say the destruction of Gaza
is the worst in modern history and it
will continue until the bombardment
stops Imaging Kimber Al jazer